Most of the new knowledge I have gained about the tech field is in regards to modules,
back-end servers, and development theory. I've learned that there is a lot more to
learn than I realized.

One of the most frustrating weeks was when we first started getting into back end.
Not only was I unfamiliar with even the syntax of a URL, but I had persistant 
environment problems due to environment variables. The first time I spent most of the
evening doing research and realized that I was missing my windows system 32 environment
variables altogether. When certain issues persisted I took the time to show my mentors
the problems and one of them was eventually able to help me fix the issues once and for all.

Unfortunatley this process has taught me that I do have some bad learning habits.
I was an 'A' student in school, so I'm used to understanding things right away.
Trying to learn computer science has taught me that if I don't get it right away,
I tend to become overly flustered, and when persistant, it makes learning a new and
difficult concept a little painful. I'm having to retrain myself to appreciate the
challenge. There were also multiple times I gave up and reached out for help only to
figure out the problem with the next 10 minutes. I'm having to also retrain myself
to have more initial persistance to solve an issue on my own (especially because that
is where the real learning takes place).

During specializations, I will use what I discovered about my learning style to
remind myself that it's ok not to understand immediately, to encourage myself with
the idea that the solution is likely just around the corner, and, when I think I've
tried everything to go ahead and figure out a few more things to try before asking
for help.

The pair programming was both nice and frustrating at the same time. When working with
someone else, there is constantly the opportunity to learn a new piece of code or a
new way of solving a problem that I might not have thought of. However, the pair
programming at Devmountain, since all assignments are turned in separate, does not
incentivise individuals to truly work together. Unless I picked up a concept right 
away, there were many times I wound up struggling through something alone while my
partner is 10 steps ahead doing their own thing. There was also never a real 
opportunity to learn to synchronize pushing and pulling in a group setting, as we
would need to in the real world, which was equally disappointing. There were a few 
days I had a lot of fun, but for the most part the faux pair programming at Devmountain
felt like a waste of an opportunity.

What I enjoyed the most was comraderie among fellow classmates fighting the same
uphill battle as you. The memes, the jokes and interesting websites and ideas shared.